I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!MAGA! https://t.co/jFf5ONASlvThank you Kanye, very cool! https://t.co/vRIC87M21XRT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our…Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years, by many countries, on trade..@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful, and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny. We are people who cherish our values, protect our civilization, and recognize the image of God in every human soul. https://t.co/01c8iSGDB3Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome French President @EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the @WhiteHouse. We look forward to hosting them at tonight's State Dinner, in their honor. https://t.co/wGJcWqSzyP.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!“President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ‘Unbreakable.’ History Shows He’s Right.” https://t.co/L0gT4rvaJOArizona, please get out today and vote @DebbieLesko for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!Americans stand with you and all of Canada, Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong https://t.co/Xo3Cn962z8Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President @EmmanuelMacron of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran, Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly, here at the @WhiteHouse. 🇺🇸🇫🇷 https://t.co/ju1FXhgjaDRT @mike_pence: PROUD to support our friend @VoteMarsha for US Senate representing Tennessee. Marsha Blackburn is a rock-ribbed conservativ…Here’s a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast.Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALLHard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people, including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all, never happened before. Need more Republicans!Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it! https://t.co/NlhxpPwmzTKim Strassel of the WSJ just said, after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos, “you got to ask, what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? There’s no there there.” Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!A complete Witch Hunt!“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance,” stated Mary Matalin. “A great overall President, stunning!” Thank you Mary.....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they won’t - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea, and they have given up nothing. Wow, we haven’t given up anything &amp; they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World), site closure, &amp; no more testing!“GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.” @FoxNews   Good luck with that request!“At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.”  Wall Street JournalRT @dmartosko: The same can be said of the "collusion" stuff. https://t.co/xMCVuH3OTsThe Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr. Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein as “Mr. Peepers.” This is “according to people with whom the president has spoken.” There are no such people and don’t know these characters...just more Fake &amp; Disgusting News to create ill will!James Comey’s Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke the law! Additionally, he totally made up many of the things he said I said, and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton, Lynch &amp; others?Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great, his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years, most thought it would be done, but yes, I am considering a Full Pardon!So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he R’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material, including Servers and Emails!Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush, there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the @WhiteHouse. https://t.co/AuJ3RLZyaxFantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West, Florida. Thank you! https://t.co/HqOUFgmbQSJoin me in Washington, Michigan on Saturday, April 28, 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: https://t.co/DISosdqBuu https://t.co/gHdTgHw5FU....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....A message from Kim Jong Un: “North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.”
Also will “Shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests.” Progress being made for all!James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really, does everybody know what that means?Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories), today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers, including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at sea, Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Here’s a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Maryland. Looking forward to being there.So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don’t think so!James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus.” Inspector General’s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine?Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement, but things such as this make safety in America difficult!My thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two @GCSOFlorida deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today.Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government, hence, the American People. They are “slow walking” all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!.@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!THANK YOU #JIATFSouth, @Norad_Northcom, @southcomwatch and @DHSgov. Keep up the GREAT work! https://t.co/3v2uG6Jp1TJust arrived @NASKeyWest! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South, NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM. https://t.co/r906IXnBcGGovernor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 National Guard Troops” to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough, and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Brown’s charade. We need border security and action, not words!Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities, putting all Americans at risk.Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Military and Trade. Good things will happen!It was my great honor to host my friend @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished, thank you! #Success🇺🇸🇯🇵 https://t.co/2NnItfwfBlRT @StateDept: .@POTUS Trump thanks Prime Minister @AbeShinzo for his support, discusses U.S.-Japan cooperation on #NorthKorea, defense, an…Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! https://t.co/ywU2CEih8bPrime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club. https://t.co/YqU7pHiFoUBest wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where, by the way, there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World, but also for North Korea!A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job, playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)! https://t.co/9Is7mHBFdaThere is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infested &amp; breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border, but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security &amp; Safety NOW!RT @AbeShinzo: フロリダに到着し、早速トランプ大統領との首脳会談に臨みました。今日は、大半を北朝鮮問題に費やし、非常に重要な点で認識を一致させることができました。
「日本のために最善となるようベストを尽くす」
トランプ大統領は、来る米朝首脳会談で拉致問題を取り上げ…RT @IvankaTrump: This year’s #TaxDay is the last time you’ll have to file your taxes through an outdated, broken system. #BYE-BYE https://t…RT @realDonaldTrump: States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to tr…RT @realDonaldTrump: Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, i…RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed f…While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!It is my great honor to host @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! https://t.co/QxMpCGRycF.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: https://t.co/4OW72iddQxStates and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!RT @IvankaTrump: Great to be with Secretary Mnuchin &amp; former Governor Sununu in Derry, NH on #TaxDay to highlight the tremendous benefits o…RT @FoxBusiness: WATCH LIVE: @IvankaTrump and @stevenmnuchin1 host tax event on Tax Day in New Hampshire. (Courtesy: WBZ) https://t.co/C3zr…....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by....Welcome Prime Minister Abe! https://t.co/538EYyfWDqRasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post, and they haven’t changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam!Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman!RT @NFIB: Our Optimism Index reached its 16th consecutive month in the top 5% of 45 years of survey readings – and it was the 1st time in 3…RT @VP: Thanks to the historic TRUMP TAX CUTS, today marks the last time the American people will file taxes under a complicated &amp; outdated…RT @RepKevinBrady: Starting next year, you will be able to file under the new tax law, which means MORE money in your pocket – all without…RT @WhiteHouse: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s April 7 attack on innocent civilians violated international law, the Chemical Weapons Co…RT @WhiteHouse: Out with the old, in with the new: tax cuts and reforms that look out for hardworking taxpayers ⬇️
https://t.co/eEHFWkG8xmRT @WhiteHouse: President Trump's tax cuts will generate greater economic opportunities for all. https://t.co/kcTsLNN1UuSo many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking, really nice to see!Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.Employment is up, Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!RT @GOPChairwoman: Crumbs are still coming. #MAGA
https://t.co/JFZL6czboZRT @WaysandMeansGOP: Tomorrow is #TaxDay and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old, broken code. Check…RT @IvankaTrump: Looking forward to traveling to Manchester, NH tomorrow with Sec @stevenmnuchin1 to celebrate the last #TaxDay under the o…RT @GOP: Our entire RNC family offers prayers of comfort and peace for Barbara Bush and the entire Bush family.RT @GOPChairwoman: Comey’s misconduct once led both Republicans and Democrats to call for his firing. His reputation rehabilitation book to…RT @GOPChairwoman: We’re in a prime position to defend our majorities in 2018. Let’s defy history. #MAGA #LeadRight
https://t.co/fo8g0pSjWQRussia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G), then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled, he, McCabe, and the others, committed many crimes!Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, it’s hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things.Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!), will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history, by far!Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices, and even homes, are going to be raided with everything, including their phones and computers, taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His “memos” are self serving and FAKE!The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term “Mission Accomplished.” I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term, it should be brought back. Use often!Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat, or AG, in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)!The big questions in Comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information (jail), why did he lie to Congress (jail), why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didn’t they TAKE it), why the phony memos, McCabe’s $700,000 &amp; more?Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!RT @realDonaldTrump: So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the fines…RT @nikkihaley: https://t.co/oO3wIKolMySo proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the finest that our Country has ever had. There won’t be anything, or anyone, even close!A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!https://t.co/6VLQYAlctoDOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion, all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!We are bringing back our factories, we are bringing back our jobs, and we are bringing back those four beautiful words: MADE IN THE USA! https://t.co/grABSrYUBX....untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case, and the events surrounding it, will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!James Comey is a proven LEAKER &amp; LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was, in fact, fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information, for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and.....Tremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego, where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!America’s greatest treasure is our people – and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity, purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back! #TaxCuts https://t.co/oSGZe0irBfThank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking Americans who make this nation run. You love your country, you provide for your family, you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG! #TaxCuts https://t.co/RwaLpCRPh5I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb, my Special Counsel, and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year, our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain. #HolocaustRemembranceDay https://t.co/tyga4VtjLTGood luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the United States, under my Administration, has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our “Thank you America?”California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry, good move for the safety of our Country!If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December, as reported by the Failing New York Times, I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!Big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNewsHonored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @WhiteHouse this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/b9z5Nfdkcl“Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform” https://t.co/LQlACDDLugRT @StateDept: .@POTUS Trump at Signing of #FOSTA #SESTA bill: We are going to do everything in our power to make sure traffickers are brou…The @WhiteHouse is partnering with @Interior and @NatlParkService to bring the @NSCsafety's “Prescribed to Death” Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow, April 12th to April 18th. More information: https://t.co/z4FPQxt4Bl https://t.co/XvScPqvAkQSpeaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp; Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA &amp; Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia,  because they will be coming, nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!....doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back), so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China, the coming North Korea meeting and, of course, the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton &amp; Larry K on board. I (we) areThe Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian businessman, who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype), hosted by Doug, in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!Today, it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion, Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations! #RollTide
https://t.co/hF5EZHlSVS https://t.co/JfGue4IIs1Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!Last night, it was my great honor to host America’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. America’s military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform! https://t.co/BjWKcMX0iLA TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!Attorney–client privilege is dead!Great @Cabinet meeting at the @WhiteHouse this morning! https://t.co/kzmfovwUeb https://t.co/7AgbwbFNuwThe Democrats are not doing what’s right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law! https://t.co/zKGgPlaadSRT @StateDept: .@POTUS Trump condemns the heinous attack on innocent Syrians with banned chemical weapons. #Syria https://t.co/qiEahlL3AhWhen a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade.  No, it sounds like STUPID TRADE -  going on for years!Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago, people saw his great talent, and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal &amp; a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names), many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true, just another hit job!“The FBI closed the case on Hillary, which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her, they never even put her under oath.....” and much more. So true Jesse! @WattersWorldWhile Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air &amp; Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate, travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling, but for what reason? Not looking good!Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse, FBI, Comey, Lynch, McCabe, Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!The United States hasn’t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year, and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!Just spoke to @JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!Congratulations to @bernieandsid on their new @77wabcradio morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two – good luck! https://t.co/sulTcRp3IC“BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force” https://t.co/TtMDfi4bv0AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! https://t.co/5jxdojPZmNDo you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!China, which is a great economic power, is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages, especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.RT @realDonaldTrump: We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who repr…Despite the Aluminum Tariffs, Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised, I’m not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA https://t.co/IwPuQNadMMThanks to our historic TAX CUTS, America is open for business, and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages, salaries and bonuses! https://t.co/0u3dpLJiV2The Fake News Washington Post, Amazon’s “chief lobbyist,” has another (of many) phony headlines, “Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties.” WRONG! Should read, “Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties, Will End Barriers And Massive  I.P. Theft.” Typically bad reporting!The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions, Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!“Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent” https://t.co/q80PaE0gQoToday we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. King’s legacy of justice and peace, and his impact on uniting Americans. #MLK50 Proclamation: https://t.co/XXtPO0VX5A https://t.co/SH0esMSyMTOur thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families, and our great @USMC.When you’re already $500 Billion DOWN, you can’t lose!We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube’s HQ in San Bruno, California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER! https://t.co/Z7fqQKcnezToday, it was my honor to welcome Estonia President @KerstiKaljulaid, Lithuania President @Grybauskaite_LT, and Latvia President @Vejonis to the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! #BalticSummit: https://t.co/XAchZ3zUSe https://t.co/RRftyTGEvbI am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?)!Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50%, which is higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the same time in his Administration.Check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged @CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker, whose job is in jeopardy, is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border, had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!The Fake News Networks, those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA, are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The “Fakers” at CNN, NBC, ABC &amp; CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!#AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue https://t.co/JAzSE6yEes“President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term, according to a new poll.” Via: @Anna_Giaritelli @DCExaminer https://t.co/ZzycNoDCQJ39% of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate, it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico &amp; Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2, 2018, World Autism Awareness Day” https://t.co/ECBCHfll0p